docs: update sensor models and pointcloud types (#171)
tier4/nebula: docs/point_types.md

## PointXYZIRADT

| Field         | Type     | Units     | Description                                                                 |
| ------------- | -------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `x`           | `float`  | `m`       | The point's cartesian x coordinate.                                         |
| `y`           | `float`  | `m`       | The point's cartesian y coordinate.                                         |
| `z`           | `float`  | `m`       | The point's cartesian z coordinate.                                         |
| padding       | 4 bytes  |           |                                                                             |
| `intensity`   | `float`  |           | The intensity of the return as reported by the sensor.                      |
| `return type` | `uint8`  |           | Whether the point was the first, strongest, last, etc. of multiple returns. |
| `azimuth`     | `float`  | `degrees` | The point's azimuth in polar coordinates.                                   |

> | `distance`    | `float`  | `m`       | The point's distance from the sensor origin.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `distance`    | `float`  | `m`       | Distance from the sensor origin.                                |
```

> | `timestamp`   | `double` | `ns`      | The time the point was detected relative to the pointcloud timestamp.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timestamp`   | `double` | `ns`      | Time of detection relative to the pointcloud timestamp.      |
```

## NebulaPoint = PointXYZIRCAEDT

| Field         | Type     | Units | Description                                             |
| ------------- | -------- | ----- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `x`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian x coordinate.                                 |
| `y`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian y coordinate.                                 |
| `z`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian z coordinate.                                 |
| `intensity`   | `uint8`  |       | Intensity of the return as reported by the sensor.      |
| `return type` | `uint8`  |       | Return (echo) type.                                     |
| `channel`     | `uint16` |       | Laser channel ID.                                       |
| `azimuth`     | `float`  | `rad` | Azimuth in polar coordinates.                           |

> | `elevation`   | `float`  | `rad` | Eevation in polar coordinates.                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `elevation`   | `float`  | `rad` | Elevation in polar coordinates.                          |
```

> | `x`           | `float`  | `m`   | The point's cartesian x coordinate.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `x`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian x coordinate.                                         |
```

> | `y`           | `float`  | `m`   | The point's cartesian y coordinate.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `y`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian y coordinate.                                         |
```

> | `z`           | `float`  | `m`   | The point's cartesian z coordinate.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `z`           | `float`  | `m`   | Cartesian z coordinate.                                         |
```

> | `intensity`   | `uint8`  |       | The intensity of the return as reported by the sensor.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `intensity`   | `uint8`  |       | Intensity of the return as reported by the sensor.                      |
```

> | `return type` | `uint8`  |       | Whether the point was the first, strongest, last, etc. of multiple returns. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `return type` | `uint8`  |       | Return (echo) type. |
```

> | `channel`     | `uint16` |       | The ID of the laser channel that produced the point.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `channel`     | `uint16` |       | Laser channel ID.                        |
```

> | `azimuth`     | `float`  | `rad` | The point's azimuth in polar coordinates.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `azimuth`     | `float`  | `rad` | Azimuth in polar coordinates.                                   |
```

> | `elevation`   | `float`  | `rad` | The point's elevation in polar coordinates.                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `elevation`   | `float`  | `rad` | Eevation in polar coordinates.                                 |
```

> | `distance`    | `float`  | `m`   | The point's distance from the sensor origin.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `distance`    | `float`  | `m`   | Distance from the sensor origin.                                |
```

> | `timestamp`   | `uint32` | `ns`  | The time the point was detected relative to the pointcloud timestamp.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timestamp`   | `uint32` | `ns`  | Time of detection relative to the pointcloud timestamp.       |
```
